Change the precedence between `:authority` and `Host` headers when populating `server.address` and `server.port` attributes (#455)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#413](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/pull/413))
- Clarify HTTP server definitions and `server.address|port` notes.
  ([#423](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/pull/423))

> - Change pthe recedence between `:authority` and `Host` headers when populating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the precedence between `:authority` and `Host` headers when populating
```
